OBSDOCS-1431: Logging Infrastructure Definitions Logging 6.1 (#87312)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/logging/logging-6.1/log6x-clf-6.1.adoc

Inputs are configured in an array under `spec.inputs`. There are three built-in input types:

> application:: Selects logs from all application containers, excluding those in infrastructure namespaces such as `default`, `kube`, `openshift`, or any namespace with the `kube-` or `openshift-` prefix.

Reviewer: Similar to 6.0 review...

Would it be better to exclude the ending 
> such as default, kube, openshift, or any namespace with the kube- or openshift- prefix.

and just define it in the infrastructure definition below?

Author: done

> infrastructure:: Selects logs from infrastructure components running in `default`, `kube`, and `openshift` namespaces, or running in namespaces with the `kube-` or `openshift-` prefix, and node logs.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as the other PR. 

To avoid combinations of multiple conjunctions, suggesting the following change for better clarity --

```suggestion
infrastructure:: Selects logs from nodes and from infrastructure components running in the following namespaces:
** `default`
** `kube`
** `openshift`   
** Containing the `kube-` or `openshift-` prefix
```

Author: This looks much better, thanks, updated.

> infrastructure:: Selects logs from infrastructure components running in `default`, `kube`, and `openshift` namespaces and node logs.

Reviewer: I think we should also mention
> or any namespace with the kube- or openshift- prefix.

as part of the infrastructure definition.

Author: done
